Hey.
I declare that the two Heavenly Ladies are officially married.
I disagree.
This marriage.
I disagree with the Dragon King.
Not good, the mouth of the Dragon King is tilted outside, so you wipe his mouth.
Wet.
Ah.
Well, now these rewards are there.
There are some idiots missing this.
Even dogs are dumber than this.
Open Mission
In novels that dogs can write.
Live to the end
Good luck.
What the hell?
It's my phone.
Where's my helmet?
Master Tang, the wine you brought
Congratulations on your engagement.
Thieu Road Du
I was in the book.
No, why am I a villain?
Attention, please.
The current Dragon King War God Drama Flower Capital Chapter 32
Your mission has lived through this chapter.
If successful, you will receive the mysterious reward of the system.
If it fails, it will be permanently deleted.
Kill what?
The Dragon King God of War could not speak.
People who have seen life.
The main character in the legend of the Dragon King
If according to the original script
He's going to kill me.
Up to the top of life
No, no, no.
I have to live.
I have to give up kissing.
Where's the lady?
You're here too. Married.
Hi.
Street Dance
Hi, Sue.
Passion is the devil.
Put the knife down.
We have something to talk about.
Three Years of Dance
I've made it clear to you.
I can't marry someone like you.
If you still want to marry me today
What you get is a cold corpse.
Hey, it scares me.
Do you want to kiss?
Want from the kiss, you say.
Isn't that annulment?
It's okay, I agree.